[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114253)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-registries-ecosystem.adoc

[id="security-registries-ecosystem_{context}"]
= Getting containers from Red Hat Registry and Ecosystem Catalog

[role="_abstract"]

> Red Hat lists certified container images for Red Hat products and partner offerings from the Container Images section of the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog. From that catalog, you can see details of each image, including CVE, software packages listings, and health scores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the the Container Images section of the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog to view Red Hat certified container images for Red Hat products and partner offerings. From that catalog, you can see details of each image, including CVE, software packages listings, and health scores.
```

Red Hat images are actually stored in what is referred to as the _Red Hat Registry_, which is represented by a public container registry (`registry.access.redhat.com`) and an authenticated registry (`registry.redhat.io`). Both include the same set of container images, with `registry.redhat.io` including some additional images that require authentication with Red Hat subscription credentials.

Container content is monitored for vulnerabilities by Red Hat and updated regularly. When Red Hat releases security updates, such as fixes to _glibc_, DROWN, or Dirty Cow, any affected container images are also rebuilt and pushed to the Red Hat Registry.

Red Hat uses a `health index` to reflect the security risk for each container provided through the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog. Because containers consume software provided by Red Hat and the errata process, old, stale containers are insecure whereas new, fresh containers are more secure.

> To illustrate the age of containers, the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog uses a grading system. A freshness grade is a measure of the oldest and most severe security errata available for an image. "A" is more up to date than "F".

Reviewer: We can probably leave this sentence. Why not?

```suggestion
To illustrate the age of containers, the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog uses a grading system. A freshness grade is a measure of the oldest and most severe security errata available for an image. "A" is more up to date than "F".  See "Container Health Index grades as used inside the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog" for more details on this grading system.
```

> See the Red Hat Product Security Center for details on security updates and vulnerabilities related to Red Hat software. Check out Red Hat Security Advisories to search for specific advisories and CVEs.

Reviewer: Do we want to add this and the previous link you removed to a Additonal reference section?

Author: Added the .Additional resources block with both links in [security-registries.adoc:23-26](vscode-webview://1c44pdkb6qa0l954mjed5o0r1bu8dff2hdl6sofbm7uo9n5l6tbt/security/container_security/security-registries.adoc#L23-L26), right after the security-registries-ecosystem module include.
